README.md, before:

# 23 React Projects

#### The Main React Course:
[React Course on udemy (the full udemy course)](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-tutorial-and-projects-course/?referralCode=FEE6A921AF07E2563CEF)

#### The First 15 Projects:
[React 15 Projects freeCodeCamp (9 hours)](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_7Z7C_JCyo&pp=ygURcmVhY3QgMTUgcHJvamVjdHM%3D)

#### Live demo of All Projects here (from the main source):
[Projects Site](https://react-projects.netlify.app/)
Note: I didn't deploy the projects on a server, you just can see my code and compare it with the final code
BUT to see the live demo, then see it from the main source :DD;
My code is written at the "setup" folder, and the final code that i was compare with it is exist in the "final" director for each app in the apps. You can see both directors and compare them or you can see my soluiton and how i think to solve a problem ..;





## The Topics that i leanred:

#### useState:
1. Birthday Reminder

#### useEffect and Conditional Rendering
2. Tours
3. Reviews
4. Questions
5. Menu
6. Tabs
7. Slider

#### Forms
8. Lorem Ipsum Generator
9. Color Shades Generator
10. Grocery Bud

#### useRef
11. Navbar

#### useContext
12. Modal And Sidebar
13. Stripe Submenus

#### useReducer and useContext
14. Cart

#### React Router and useCallback
15. Cocktails

## Advanced Projects (Course Exclusive):
16. Markdown Preview
17. Random Person
18. Pagination
19. Stock Photos
20. Dark Mode
21. Movie DB
22. Hacker News
23. Quiz

Commit message:

Updating readme and removing the projects that i didn't complete at first time

README.md, after:

# My first 21 React apps

#### The Main React Course:
[React Course on udemy (the full course)](https://www.udemy.com/course/react-tutorial-and-projects-course/?referralCode=FEE6A921AF07E2563CEF)

#### The First 15 Projects:
[React 15 Projects freeCodeCamp (on youtube!) - 9hr](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=a_7Z7C_JCyo&pp=ygURcmVhY3QgMTUgcHJvamVjdHM%3D)

#### Live demo of All Projects here (from the main source):
[Projects Site](https://react-projects.netlify.app/)

#### How to read the repo and compare my soluitions:
Note: I didn't deploy the projects on a server, you just can see my code and compare it with the final code
BUT to see the live demo, then see it from the main source :DD;
My code is written at the "setup" folder, and the final code that i was compare with it is exist in the "final" director for each app in the apps. You can see both directors and compare them or you can see my soluiton and how i think to solve a problem ..; be fare when you compare my code, remember it its my first 
codes that i wrote in React, So they may be not as good as i write React know :`))`;





## The Topics that i leanred:

#### useState:
1. Birthday Reminder

#### useEffect and Conditional Rendering
2. Tours
3. Reviews
4. Questions
5. Menu
6. Tabs
7. Slider

#### Forms
8. Lorem Ipsum Generator
9. Color Shades Generator
10. Grocery Bud

#### useRef
11. Navbar

#### useContext
12. Modal And Sidebar
13. Stripe Submenus

#### useReducer and useContext
14. Cart

#### React Router and useCallback
15. Cocktails

## Advanced Projects (Course Exclusive):
16. Markdown Preview
17. Random Person
18. Pagination
19. Stock Photos
20. Dark Mode
21. Movie DB
22. Hacker News
23. Quiz
